Motivation:
I saw this video on IG and I'm wodering how it works.
I'm wodering how the machine tracking the people and shoot.
The author don't have open source.
So I try to use the material I have to realize the same function.
I saw the author using Husky lens and 3d print killjoy turret.
I use jetson nano and CSI camera to replace Husky lens.
I use pan tilt to do the same mechanism.
I use the led lighting to demo shooting.
And this is the circuit.
The code explan:
First of all I import the library I need for this project.
Second I release GPIO resource and initial the servo and led.
Third I set the threading operation to make jetson nano use resource more effiency.
Forth I set up the CSI camera. And set the display is width is 320 and the height is 240.
Fifth I import the face classfier and eye classfier, which I found at opencv github.To classify face and eye.
Sixth I set up face tracking code and tunning PID.
At first I set the color become gray, and draw the face rectangular.
I use this code to find the middle of rectangular.
If the rectangular is far from 15 pixels of last rectangular which will make the drive the servo to tracking.
And 50 is hyperparameter it can tunning to influence the servo speed.
And I set servo is range at 0 to 180 degree.
Run the servo.
This code to detect eye and draw the rectangular of the eye.
When the camera detect the eye will make the led lighting, otherwise it won't.
Second to run the code.
Eight to release the resource.
And now is the result and experiment.
First I use my face to test it work well.
Sencond I take off the glass to test. The result show that eyes classify more precise during take off glass.
Third I turn off light make enviroment more darker. The result show that the more clarity enviroment will be more precise.
Forth I use my ex.gf barbarra to testing. It works pretty well.
Fith I use face image to test. The face image be more near maximizing expected utility than the enviroment.
Potential reasearch opportunities? Have there better way to be more near maximizing expected utility?
Contribution. Jetson nano can tracking what you want to set.
The impact. Self-media, Security camera, film industry can use this tracking what they want with just jetson nano.
